Avoid excessive switches on startup (#293)
borisbu/OctoRelay: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 5

### 5.0.2

> - Fixed excessive switches for inverted relays on startup.

Author: ```suggestion
- Initial state for relays is `OFF` — fixes excessive switches on startup in most cases.
```
